# Resume of projet's progress
## 30/09/17

I erased the branch to test SQLite3 and I lost everything I've done on it but I didn't expect to loose commit and trace of what I've done... No way, I just have to remberer that SQLite3 doesn't work with electron.js or it needs more steps with node-gyp to recompile source because SQLite doesn't have correct header to work with electron.js or something like that. So I'll use another db. I also learned a little more about 'in memory' db.

Now i'll try [NeDB](http://stackabuse.com/nedb-a-lightweight-javascript-database/)
I juste wonder if I should call nedb in main process or in renderer process...



## 29/09/17
Let's go! From now I will follow my delivery plan!
First step: Let see login and password.
1. App should load login and password from db or file (I'll decide later)
So first task is to mock login and password in main.js. 
Todo that, I will create a simple object `{login:'toto', password:'titi'}`
2. Next step is to send data from main process to renderer process.
I'll use IPCMain in main.js to sendData but it is possible to use [another way](https://electron.atom.io/docs/api/web-contents/#webcontentssendchannel-arg1-arg2-)
___Question: should I use synchronous or asynchronous way?___
I will do both to see. So I'll decide later.
I use [doc's example](https://electron.atom.io/docs/api/ipc-main/).

3. Replaced use of IPCMain by (instance of BrowserWindow).webContents.send(channel, msg)

4. Getting mockData in UI
Go to UI/index.html and use IPC for Renderer process.
I also changed UI/js/script.js. I thought I can use `JSON.parse(mockData)` natively but it didn't work. So I gave a look in node_modules and discover jsonify module. Now it works!

5. Add HTML to print data in UI.

6. Added a little in late the stringification of mockObject. Before I did mockData with json. Now it is a real JS Object transformed in json.

7. Update Backlog.md. Look on how to store locked door with login and password.
_NB:_ `lockedDoor = {name, (opt)url, login, password}`
I Choose to use SQLite for lightweight and because I won't store too many values.A single file could also be used but it is interesting to learn to link Node.js to another database than MongoDB. Let's go!
Needed information to use SQLite and Node.js are [here](http://www.sqlitetutorial.net/sqlite-nodejs/)

8. Installing SQLite 3 with `npm install sqlite3`. Everything seemed to work until i launched apps. It has crashed many times so I search for solution on the web and it seems that there is a probleme between electron and sqlite. I will create a new branche to try [this](https://www.laurivan.com/make-electron-work-with-sqlite3/)

## 28/09/17
It's not easy to find time those days...
1. Looking on the web for some subject around electron.js.
	- It should be possible to use some C++ lib thanks to Node.JS but it will need some adaptation as it's wrote [here](https://nodejs.org/api/addons.html).
	- To get and send Data between 'view' and 'controller' I have to use IPC object. I found good example [here](https://github.com/crilleengvall/electron-tutorial-app)
	- Just checked difference between `var`, `let`and `const`in EcmaScript 6 ([ressource](http://putaindecode.io/fr/articles/js/es2015/const-let-var/). I remembered V.Jousse lesson with Scala :)

2. Scheduled steps and organisation to work. I also added some users stories in Backlog.

3. Discovered and tried "projects" tab on github repository which is a kind of kanban board. 

## 25/09/17

1. Updating mainframe html
	* Removing lorem ipsum and Hello world
	* Inspired by this [tuto](https://tutorialzine.com/2015/12/creating-your-first-desktop-app-with-html-js-and-electron)
	* Adding Jquery. I will try to add a caroussel via [slick](https://plugins.jquery.com/slick/)

2. Creation of UI directory which will contain user interfaces files

3. Get an old version of jquery from old project, to check if it works and it seems to work!

4. Sleep!

5. Test without internet connexion to verify. It works!

6. Installation of slick-carousel via npm: `npm install slick-carousel`. It also install Jquery.

7. Continued to play with UI, Jquery, slick. Looking for add CSS (bootstrap).
I ran `npm install bootstrap@3`. I'm still looking for how send event from view to main.js.
I feel that I will look up near React.js or something else.

8. Found [tuto](https://tutorialzine.com/2015/12/creating-your-first-desktop-app-with-html-js-and-electron) which is a little old but give a way.
I discover Flipster But in the end slick-carousel is better. I played with css.

## 24/09/17  
Project creation and first action

1. I firstly created github project, then clone it into local.
I used a node .gitignore generated by Github and I choose the unlicence which I don't know.

2. I created `RESUME.md` and `BACKLOG.md`

3. I created archive project-management and added first mainframe proposition.
I used Balsamiq to create the UI proposition. I also played with markdown.

4. I installed Electron:
 * Launch a terminal and go to project directory
 * use `npm install electron --save-dev --save-exact`

5. Creation of app entry point: `main.js` and hello world IHM in `index.html`

6. Running app with: `.\node_modules\.bin\electron .`

7. I tried to run basic app with different option to see what would happen. I discovered what is a JumpList.